PDOC-39 test revision (#74)
workaato/docs: docs/tools.md

---
title: Tools
date: 2018-12-18 18:00:00 Z
---

# Tools

Workato Tools help perform three main functions: Build recipes, connect apps and collaborate and manage recipes. Access the full list of tools using the navigation bar on the left side of the screen and select 'Tools'.

![Workato Tools](~@img/features/tools/tools-menu.png)
*Find all tools under the `Tools` menu*

## Building recipes

> Tools for building recipes are often associated with connectors, triggers, and actions that users can select while building recipes. For example, setting up a lookup table in tools will allow the use of actions in the recipe which adds, removes, or updates the lookup table using the connector in a recipe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tools for building recipes are often associated with connectors, triggers, and actions that users can select while building recipes. For example, setting up a lookup table in tools will allow the use of actions in the recipe that add, remove, or update the lookup table using the connector in a recipe.
```
